Brother, you are back.
Oh, right.
How is our mother?
Hey mom is fine
Don't worry.
Uh brother
Are you busy tomorrow?
If it's okay, go out with me to do something
You are a college student who did not graduate
What can you do?
There was a lot going on at home the other day.
I did an internship when I was in college.
I haven't paid my salary yet.
That's over 1,000 dollars.
We don't need money anymore
Then the company doesn't need it, right?
Why isn't it necessary?
That's what I work for
So be it.
How about I arrange for you to be a manager when you graduate?
Although our family has a little money now
But you can't afford a company with that kind of money.
Well, forget it.
You go wash your hands and eat
Hey, by the way, which company did you intern at?
Hmm Desheng Auction
Isn't that the auction house where the Liang family lost to me?
Miss
I heard that a peerless treasure appeared on the 16th line of Honglou
What is Kyushu top?
How come?
So you're saying
This thing is Yao Ming spent 500 yuan as an acceptance.
Then it was identified and found by Hou Lao